h2. Dependencies for Linux
* ruby (use @rvm@ or build-in package manager)
* ctags (@exuberant-ctag@)
* @ncurses-term@
* other stuff

bc. libncurses5-dev libgnome2-dev libgnomeui-dev libgtk2.0-dev \
libatk1.0-dev libbonoboui2-dev libcairo2-dev libx11-dev \
libxpm-dev libxt-dev subversion mercurial git-core

* you will also need ruby and python development packages, for instance @python2.7-dev@ or @ruby1.9-dev@

h2. Dependencies for OS X
* use @MacVim@ or @vim@, install via brew @brew install macvim@ or @brew install vim@
* @brew install ctags@

h2. Installation
# Clone repository: @git clone https://github.com/bartekd/vim-configuration.git@
# Load submodules:  @git submodule update --init@
# Link repository directory into your local vim directory (@ln -s path_to_repository ~/.vim@)
# Link configuration file into your local configuration (@ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc@)
# Ctags for rubygems
** For rvm @echo 'gem-ctags >> ~/.rvm/gemsets/default.gems'@ (this solution doesn't work for rubies whose are already installed)
** otherwise you can install @gem-ctags@ for each gemset @rvm all do gem install gem-ctags@
** or for system wide @gem install gem-ctags@

h3. Configuration
* core @vimrc@ file
* linux (with gui block) @~/.vim/os/linux.vim@
* os x (with gui block) @~/.vim/os/darwin.vim@
* keybinds (pure vim) @~/.vim/os/keybinds.vim@
* plugins (with keybinds)  @~/.vim/os/plugins.vim@
* buffers @~/.vim/os/buffers.vim@
* colorscheme @~/.vim/colorscheme.vim@

h3. Statusline - Powerline plugin

If your statusline doesn't look too good, try "these fonts":https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-powerline/wiki/Patched-fonts

h2. Ruby Debugger
* rvm @echo 'let g:ruby_debugger_debug_mode = 1' >> .rvmrc@
* debugging

bc. :Rdebugger
:Rdebugger 'rails s' || './script/rails server' (Rails 3)
:Rdebugger 'ruby script/server' (Rails 2.x)

h2. Updates
* *submodules*
@git submodule foreach 'echo $path `git checkout master --force; git pull --force`'@
* *plugins*
Run @:UpdateAddons@ from your vim instance or

bc. redir! > /tmp/log-vim.txt
silent! ACTION

where ACTION is either @UpdateActivatedAddons@ or @vam#InstallAddons()@
